Changes to support Semantic Versioning on DB changes (#217)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/02-Features/powershell/azure-sql.md

### Adding SQL scripts so they can be picked up by the script

> 1. In the location where you want to run the script add the folder `sqlScripts`.

Reviewer: This is actually configurable, maybe that should be mentioned here. ("As an example, we use ..."). or something like that.

Author: Made some changes to make this more clear

2. Add your database migration scripts in the `sqlScripts` folder.  To be recognized by the module, the files must match with the following naming convention:
`[MajorVersionNumber].[MinorVersionNumber].[PatchVersionNumber]_[DescriptionOfMigration].sql`

In practice this can look like this:
`1.0.0_Baseline.sql`
`1.1.0_AddIndexes.sql`
`1.1.1_PopulateCodetables.sql`

When a new migration comes along, just create the new SQL script with a version number one number higher than the previous one.

### Compatibility

> Semantic versioning of database-migrations is supported since version [XXX].  Existing migration scripts that follow the old naming convention will be recognized and will be given this version-number: `[VersionNumber].0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semantic versioning of database-migrations is supported since version v0.5.  Existing migration scripts that follow the old naming convention will be recognized and will be given this version-number: `[VersionNumber].0.0`.
```

Next minor version is v0.5.
